# Shaping-a-sustainable-fashion-microverse-through-AI
https://youtu.be/syD68vdpcbM

The client was asking for a website and application that can make the work of fashion designers easier. Here is my summary of what Is done -
Powerful AI and web 3 technology for fashion designers that marries creativity with digital innovation providing them with a powerful competitive edge. A creative economy for fashion designers that is a comprehensive and innovative system streamlining the design process, promoting sustainability, and creating new opportunities for designers to showcase their work.

The system begins with a simple upload of an image by the designer, which is then processed by an AI and presents the designer with various design options that are generated by AI, providing inspiration for the designer's next creation. These designs are then automatically turned 2D technical flat drawings .


The designer can select their preferred design and begin editing it in the creative editor, which allows for easy drag-and-drop editing of the technical flats. The technical flats are automatically sized and calculated for fabric consumption based on algorithms from the selected blocks.

The editor also allows for adding colours and prints to the designs, using images generated by text-to-image technology. Once the 2D design is complete, it can be added to a 3D model or avatar to create a 3D NFT for authenticity and for sale with the original physical item or seperately if designed purely as a digital fashion item.


The completed designs and Nfts can be added to the creative economy marketplace, where it can be sold as a new, remade, or recycled or digital item. Carbon credits can also be traded, depending on the designer's carbon footprint generated from fabric consumption algorithym.
http://kryptokloth.com
